be;was;been;ser, estar
have/has;had;had;tener
arise;arose;arisen;surgir
awake;awoke;awoken;despertar(se)
be;was;been;ser,estar
bear;bore;borne;soportar
beat;beat;beaten;golpear
become;became;become;convertirse en
begin;began;begun;empezar
bend;bent;bent;doblar(se)
bet;bet;bet;apostar
bid;bid;bid;pujar
bind;bound;bound;encuadernar
bite;bit;bitten;morder
bleed;bled;bled;sangrar
blow;blew;blown;soplar
break;broke;broken;romper
breed;bred;bred;criar
bring;brought;brought;traer
build;built;built;construir
burn;burnt;burnt;quemar(se)
burst;burst;burst;estallar
buy;bought;bought;comprar
cast;cast;cast;tirar
catch;caught;caught;coger
choose;chose;chosen;elegir
cling;clung;clung;aferrarse
come;came;come;venir
cost;cost;cost;costar
creep;crept;crept;arrastrar
cut;cut;cut;cortar
deal;dealt;dealt;negociar
dig;dug;dug;cavar
do;did;done;hacer
draw;drew;drawn;dibujar
dream;dreamt;dreamt;soñar
drink;drank;drunk;beber
drive;drove;driven;conducir
eat;ate;eaten;comer
fall;fell;fallen;caer(se)
feed;fed;fed;alimentar
feel;felt;felt;sentirse
fight;fought;fought;pelearse
find;found;found;encontrar
flee;fled;fled;huir
fly;flew;flown;volar
forbid;forbade;forbidden;prohibir
forget;forgot;forgotten;olvidar(se)
forgive;forgave;forgiven;perdonar
freeze;froze;frozen;helar(se)
get;got;got;conseguir
give;gave;given;dar
go;went;gone;irse
grind;ground;ground;moler
grow;grew;grown;crecer
hang;hung;hung;colgar
have;had;had;haber, tener
hear;heard;heard;escuchar
hide;hid;hidden;esconder(se)
hit;hit;hit;golpear
hold;held;held;agarrar(se)
hurt;hurt;hurt;hacer daño
keep;kept;kept;guardar
kneel;knelt;knelt;arrodillarse
know;knew;known;saber, conocer
lay;laid;laid;poner
lead;led;led;llevar
lean;leant;leant;apoyarse
leap;leapt;leapt;brincar
learn;learnt;learnt;aprender
leave;left;left;dejar
lend;lent;lent;prestar
let;let;let;permitir
lie;lay;lain;echarse
light;lit;lit;encender(se)
lose;lost;lost;perder
make;made;made;hacer
mean;meant;meant;significar
meet;met;met;encontrar(se)
overcome;overcame;overcome;vencer
pay;paid;paid;pagar
put;put;put;poner
read;read;read;leer
ride;rode;ridden;montar
ring;rang;rung;sonar
rise;rose;risen;levantarse
run;ran;run;correr
saw;sawed;sawn;serrar
say;said;said;decir
see;saw;seen;ver
seek;sought;sought;buscar
sell;sold;sold;vender(se)
send;sent;sent;enviar
set;set;set;poner
sew;sewed;sewn;coser
shake;shook;shaken;agitar
shear;sheared;shorn;esquilar
shine;shone;shone;brillar
shoot;shot;shot;disparar
show;showed;shown;mostrar
shrink;shrank;shrunk;encoger(se)
shut;shut;shut;cerrar(se)
sing;sang;sung;cantar
sink;sank;sunk;hundir(se)
sit;sat;sat;sentar(se)
sleep;slept;slept;dormir
slide;slid;slid;resbalar
smell;smelt;smelt;oler
sow;sowed;sown;sembrar
speak;spoke;spoken;hablar
speed;sped;sped;acelerar
spell;spelt;spelt;deletrear
spend;spent;spent;pasar, gastar
spill;spilt;spilt;derramar
spit;spat;spat;escupir
split;split;split;hender
spoil;spoilt;spoilt;estropear(se)
spread;spread;spread;extender(se)
stand;stood;stood;estar de pie
steal;stole;stolen;robar
stick;stuck;stuck;pegar(se)
sting;stung;stung;picar
stink;stank;stunk;apestar
strike;struck;struck;golpear
strive;strove;striven;esforzarse
swear;swore;sworn;jurar
sweep;swept;swept;barrer
swim;swam;swum;nadar
swing;swung;swung;balancear(se)
take;took;taken;tomar(se)
teach;taught;taught;enseñar
tear;tore;torn;romper(se)
tell;told;told;contar, decir
think;thought;thought;pensar
throw;threw;thrown;lanzar
tread;trod;trodden;pisar
undergo;underwent;undergone;sufrir
understand;understood;understood;entender
upset;upset;upset;afligir
wake;woke;woken;despertar(se)
wear;wore;worn;llevar (puesto)
weave;wove;woven;tejer
weep;wept;wept;llorar
win;won;won;ganar
wind;wound;wound;enrollar
withdraw;withdrew;withdrawn;retirar(se)
wring;wrung;wrung;torcer
write;wrote;written;escribir
act;Acted;Acted;Actuar
add;Added;Added;Sumar, añadir
aid;Aided;Aided;Ayudar
arrest;Arrested;Arrested;Arrestar
assist;Assisted;Assisted;Ayudar
attend;Attended;Attended;Asistir, ir
address;Addressed;Addressed;Dirigirse
advertise;Advertised;Advertised;Anunciar
amuse;Amused;Amused;Entretener
approach;Approached;Approached;Acercarse
ask;Asked;Asked;Preguntar, pedir
accompany;Accompanied;Accompanied;Acompañar
accustom;accustomed;accustomed;Acostumbrar
agree;agreed;agreed;Concordar
annoy;annoyed;annoyed;Molestar
answer;answered;answered;Responder
appeal;applealed;applealed;Atraer
appear;appeared;appeared;Aparecer
arrange;arranged;arranged;Arreglar, ordenar
arrive;arrived;arrived;Arribar
accompany;accompanied;accompanied;Acompañar
accustom;accustomed;accustomed;Acostumbrar
agree;agreed;agreed;Concordar
annoy;annoyed;annoyed;Molestar
answer;answered;answered;Responder
appeal;applealed;applealed;Atraer
appear;appeared;appeared;Aparecer
arrange;arranged;arranged;Arreglar, ordenar
board;boarded;boarded;Abordar
balance;balanced;balanced;Equilibrar
banish;banished;banished;Desterrar
bark;barked;barked;Ladrar
bless;blessed;blessed;Bendecir
brush;brushed;brushed;Cepillar
behave;behaved;behaved;Comportarse
belong;belonged;belonged;Pertenecer
beg;begged;begged;suplicar, mendigar
believe;believed;believed;Creer
boil;boiled;boiled;Hervir
breathe;breathed;breathed;Respirar
complete;completed;completed;Completar
consist;consisted;consisted;Consistir
count;counted;counted;Contar
close;closed;closed;Cerrar
cook;cooked;cooked;Cocinar
crash;crashed;crashed;Chocar
cross ;crosssed ;crosssed ;cruzar 
call;called;called;Llamar
care;cared;cared;Cuidar
carry;carried;carried;Llevar
change;changed;changed;Cambiar
check;checked;checked;Chequear
charge;charged;charged;cargar, cobrar
clean;cleaned;cleaned;Limpiar
climb;climbed;climbed;escalar, subir
comb;combed;combed;Peinar
cover;covered;covered;Cubrir
cry;cried;cried;Llorar
crawl;crawled;crawled;gatear, arrastrarse
dance;danced;danced;bailar
dress;dressed;dressed;vestir
dropp;dropped;dropped;dejar caer
dial;dialed;dialed;sintonizar, marcar
die;died;died;morir
declare;declared;declared;declarar
delay;delayed;delayed;demorar
deliver;delivered;delivered;entregar
deny;denied;denied;negar
dine;dined;dined;cenar
dry;dried;dried;secar
enclose;enclosed;enclosed;incluir, encerrar
enjoy;enjoyed;enjoyed;disfrutar
engage;engaged;engaged;comprometer
envy;envied;envied;envidiar
express;expressed;expressed;expresar
exclaim;exclaimed;exclaimed;exclamar
explain;explained;explained;explicar
fail;failed;failed;fracasar, fallar
fasten;fastended;fastended;abrochar
file;filed;filed;archivar
fill;filled;filled;llenar
fire;fired;fired;echar del trabajo, disparar
follow;followed;followed;seguir
frighten;frightened;frightened;espantar
fry;fried;fried;freir
finish;finished;finished;terminar
fish;fished;fished;pescar
fix;fixed;fixed;fixed
gain;gained;gained;ganar
guess;guessed;guessed;adivinar
help;helped;helped;ayudar
hope;hoped;hoped;esperar, desear
happen;happened;happened;suceder
hurry;hurried;hurried;apurar (se)
imagine;imagined;imagined;imaginar
iron;ironed;ironed;planchar
judge;judged;judged;juzgar
kiss;kissed;kissed;besar
kill;killed;killed;matar
laugh;laughged;laughged;reir
leak;leaked;leaked;gotear
like;liked;liked;gustar
lock;locked;locked;cerrar con llave
look;looked;looked;mirar
mark;marked;marked;marcar, señalar
milk;milked;milked;ordeñar un animal
miss;missed;missed;extrañar
manage;managed;managed;manejar
marry;married;married;casar (se)
massage;massaged;massaged;masajear
measure;measured;measured;medir
move;moved;moved;mover
observe;observed;observed;observar
offer;offered;offered;ofrecer
open;opened;opened;abrir
order;ordered;ordered;ordenar
peform;performed;performed;ejecutar
phone;phoned;phoned;telefonear
plan;planned;planned;planear
play;played;played;jugar, tocar
plough;ploughed;ploughed;arar
pour;poured;poured;derramar, verter
pray;prayed;prayed;orar
prefer;prefered;prefered;preferir
prepare;prepared;prepared;preparar
pull;pulled;pulled;tirar
park;parked;parked;estacionar
pass;passed;passed;pasar
pick;picked;picked;recoger
please;pleased;pleased;complacer
polish;polished;polished;pulir
practise;practised;practised;practicar
promise;promised;promised;prometer
pronounce;pronounced;pronounced;pronunciar
punish;punished;punished;castigar
push;pushed;pushed;empujar
repeat;repeated;repeated;repetir
report;reported;reported;reportar, informar
request;requested;requested;solicitar, pedir
rest;rested;rested;descansar
reach;reached;reached;alcanzar
refuse;refused;refused;rehusar
raise;raised;raised;levantar
rain;rained;rained;llover
realice;realized;realized;darse cuenta
register;registered;registered;matricularse, registrar
receive;received;received;recibir
Remain;remained;remained;quedar, sobrar
Remenber;remenbered;remenbered;recordar
Repair;pepaired;pepaired;reparar
Require;required;required;requerir
Reserve;reserved;reserved;reservar, guardar
Row;rowed;rowed;remar
Resolve;resolved;resolved;resolver
Return;returned;returned;retornar, volver
Search;searched;searched;buscar, registrar
Save;saved;saved;salvar
0serve;served;served;servir
settle;settled;settled;arreglar, establecer
sign;signed;signed;firmar
smile;smiled;smiled;sonreir
snow;snowed;snowed;nevar
spill;spilled;spilled;derramar
stay;stayed;stayed;permanecer, quedarse
study;studied;studied;estudiar
suffer;suffered;suffered;sufrir
swallow;swallowed;swallowed;tragar
slip;slipped;slipped;resbalar
smoke;smoked;smoked;fumar
stop;stopped;stopped;detener, parar
switch;switched;switched;conectar, accionar
stretch;stretched;stretched;estirar
talk;talked;talked;conversar
thank;thanked;thanked;agradecer
touch;touched;touched;tocar, palpar
trap;trapped;trapped;atrapar
tire;tired;tired;cansar, fatigar
train;trained;trained;entrenar
travel;traveled;traveled;viajar
trouble;troubled;troubled;molestar
try;tried;tried;tratar, intantar
turn;turned;turned;girar, voltear
unpack;unpacked;unpacked;desempacar
use;used;used;usar
visit;visited;visited;visitar
wait;waited;waited;esperar
want;wanted;wanted;querer, requerir
walk;walked;walked;caminar
wash;washed;washed;lavar
watch;watched;watched;observar, mirar
wish;wished;wished;desear, anhelar
work;worked;worked;trabajar
wrap up;wrapped up;wrapped up;envolver
wreck;wrecked;wrecked;naufragar
warm;warmed;warmed;calentar
warn;warned;warned;advertir
water;watered;watered;regar
weigh;weighed;weighed;pesar
whistle;whistled;whistled;silbar